fix(cli): fix join dropping non-string x-* path extension properties (#2949)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/dull-adults-punch.md

---

> "@redocly/cli": patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@redocly/cli': patch
```

Author: Thank you!

---

> Fix join dropping non-string x-* path extension properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the `join` command silently dropped path-level `x-*` extensions with non-string values.
```
